So let's start working with the styling for the section.
These will take this and maybe the next me to accomplish something like this.
So let's been the narrator feels I'm going to make this his mother and on the financial side when I
click here and split these two right and then up in the start that he sees this because it can be easier
to see it is this markup to write the correct selectors.
So you don't even have come kids because they worry and we're going to copy these.
This is going to be the end of all the selectors and if they're going to get in there he's saying we
have these great color.
So if they get a kid in the country guy is going to be the.
So copy these in other quote unquote ding we're going to add somebody.
So we're going out batting one him.
And finally we're going to have even them of to him.
So I'll save these.
And you know and you can see we have the great color and we have somebody in.
So next we're going to copy paste and then we have this content.
It's wearing out that cont'd.
And he had another background color.
It's going to be white in this case the white color is on HEFCE and I would have got some padding of
one him.
So save these up and the Browns said OK and reload.
And you can see we have that defect that we're looking for.
So this is looking nice.
And then we have these columns three and we're going to target this H-2 and these patterns from these
columns.
These are what you want to copy these based and what have and have H-2.
But I went to target the column three.
So what I'm going to have are really nonselective Raheen and they have had six or nine center sameas
and reload.
So you can see the center is looking nice.
And then when I target this program and these anchors are going to be these and it's going to be and
this is going to be anchor.
So the paragraph tag what the margin bottom maybe to him and for the anchors that I'm going to.
And if they can look you in the sand is being caught.
So let's open again or call our guy got our based daing what are going out that phone size we're going
to make this get 1.4 am then we're going to change the family is going to be the phone family.
We heard about it previously from family that's all.
So when I scroll to the top cop it is Lato to the boardroom and paste.
So next another phone weighed 700.
And then we're going to have this play block by the fall of the anchors producing display in line and
we're going to display Brugge blog right here.
So that's up in the front in and you can see we have our problems right here.
Of course we're going to write some C assess to display the three columns from the left and the nine
columns on the right at the moment we're working with the section rates.
The moment on the day my liberation So definitely this is looking great.
So in the next video we're going to finish these and we're going to write the selectors for the columns
and columns nine that we have.